In this video we're going to look at what my school functions actually are all so what all my school
functions in my school function is a stored program which you can pass a parameter or multiple parameters
and it's going to return a value.
We have already seen some functions in my school when we looked at aggregate functions and these aggregate
functions acted on numerical data.
So for example we use the max function which took in a colon as a parameter and it returns the largest
value within that column data.
So this is what we mean when we talk about my school functions.
Now string functions are functions that take in string parameters such as cha or Vaugirard data types
and there are many different string functions as you can see from this picture.
And that's only half the number of string functions in my school.
So you can see there's lots and lots of string functions in this section.
We're only going to look at the most important and the most widely used string functions in my school
and date functions taken date time or date time parameters and return a value.
So again you can see there were many date functions in my school and again from this picture.
That's only about half the number of date functions in my school.
But we're only going to look at the most useful ones in this section.
So let's get started with string functions in the next video.